Some updates to the documentation (#271)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-insider: wip/at-home/Whats-new-wip-at-home-20h1.md

Not all the features from the previous Cortana experience are available just yet. As a Beta, we plan to add more features over time with updates to Cortana from the Microsoft Store.

> To get started, choose the Cortana icon on the taskbar next to the search box. You may need to sign-in with your account to get started. You can also leverage the speed and convenience of voice with improved speech recognition by simply saying “Hey Cortana”. To enable this functionality go to Settings>Privacy>Voice activation> and enable "Let Cortana respond to 'Hey Cortana' keyword".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, choose the Cortana icon on the taskbar next to the search box. You may need to sign in with your account to get started. You can also leverage the speed and convenience of voice with improved speech recognition by simply saying “Hey Cortana”. To enable this functionality, go to Setting s> Privacy > Voice activation and enable "Let Cortana respond to 'Hey Cortana' keyword".
```

Reviewer 2: @JohanFreelancer9 - there's an extra space in Settings on this copy/edit. Can you still make the changes for this?

Reviewer: @mypil  Thanks for picking that up. Done.
